Practice for task-parallel programming with message-passing communication among multiple 
processes using Unix pipe:

Study the attached sample program in which two child processes communicate via Unix pipes
(message passing), and write a task-parallel program for the following mission.

We plan to compare the efficiencies of two different implementations of the Fibonacci number
generation function, i.e., recursive version vs. iterative version.

Instead of conducting a serial testing in which the two versions of the Fibonacci number generation functions are executed serially in a process, we plan to test them in parallel with multiple processes.

Your program should be based on the SPMD task-parallel model and include 4 processes 
(1 parent and 3 child processes). Upon execution, a numeric value N (for Nth Fibo#) is accessed from the command line argument 
and the parent process creates needed pipes and forks three child processes.

The first child process is responsible for the control, i.e., sending a number (N) to both the second and the third child processes, receiving results (execution time taken) from those two child processes, and displaying them.

The second child process is responsible for executing the recursive version of the Fibonacci 
function upon receiving the number N, displaying the result (Nth Fibonacci #), and sending the execution time taken to the first child process (controller).

Analogously, the third child process is responsible for executing the iterative version of the Fibonacci function upon receiving the number N, displaying the result (Nth Fibonacci #), and sending the execution time taken to the first child process (controller).

For the execution time checking, you should include codes for time checking (any method is OK) in the 2nd and 3rd child processes, i.e., inserting a wall-clock time checking code right before the Fibonacci function call and right after the function call. 

All communications should be done in the message-passing way using Unix pipes. It is the 
programmer’s job to define and use appropriate number/kind of pipes.